README.md, before:

# HIRA PROJECT -- Hybrid InfraRed System for Affective Computing

## Documentation
The HIRA project is involved with performing super-resolution on infrared images 

### Data 
* Grayscale pictures
* Lepton camera (60x80)
* Boson camera (256x320)
* 3 different sets of frames for a total of circa 3000k pictures
* 16-bit images
* Image range values between \[27476-23431\] (boson), \[31267-29707\] (lepton)

### Models
#### Current best model
[RealESRGAN](https://github.com/xinntao/Real-ESRGAN)

#### Models evaluated
* TODO LIST of models implementations:
    - Residual Dense Network (RDN)
    - Enhanced Deep SR (EDSR)
* [RealESRGAN](https://github.com/xinntao/Real-ESRGAN)
* [Stable SR](https://github.com/IceClear/StableSR)
* [keras base model](hira/models/keras)
* [hugginface models](hira/models/hf_models):
    - Latent Diffusion
    - GigaGan (1 implementation)

### Implementation
For a reference pipeline and setup of the workflow, refer to the [notebook](./notebook.ipynb)

___
## Partners
The partner institutions from the HIRA project are the following:
* Next2U (ITA)
* SUPSI IDSIA (CHE)

Commit message:

cpu compatible reqs and inference

README.md, after:

# HIRA PROJECT -- Hybrid InfraRed System for Affective Computing

## Documentation
The HIRA project is involved with performing super-resolution on infrared images 

### Data 
* Grayscale pictures
* Lepton camera (60x80)
* Boson camera (256x320)
* 3 different sets of frames for a total of circa 3000k pictures
* 16-bit images
* Image range values between \[27476-23431\] (boson), \[31267-29707\] (lepton)

### Models
#### Current best model
[RealESRGAN](https://github.com/xinntao/Real-ESRGAN)

#### Models evaluated
* TODO LIST of models implementations:
    - Residual Dense Network (RDN)
    - Enhanced Deep SR (EDSR)
* [RealESRGAN](https://github.com/xinntao/Real-ESRGAN)
* [Stable SR](https://github.com/IceClear/StableSR)
* [keras base model](hira/models/keras)
* [hugginface models](hira/models/hf_models):
    - Latent Diffusion
    - GigaGan (1 implementation)

### Implementation
**Set Up**
`conda create -n hira python=3.11`  
`conda activate hira`  
**Usage**
`cd code`  
`python3 inference.py`  
Default command looks for files in the *code/inputs/* folder. Put your samples in this folder.  
The upscaled results outputs are in *code/results*  
Default upscales x2.  

Command options: 
`python3 inference.py -h`


For a reference pipeline of the training and setup of the workflow, refer to the [notebook](./notebook.ipynb)

___
## Partners
The partner institutions from the HIRA project are the following:
* Next2U (ITA)
* SUPSI IDSIA (CHE)
